SO MANY OF US LOVE YOU.
>> Tucker: THANK YOU, SEAN.
I APPRECIATE THAT.
>> Sean: THANKS TUCKER.
WELCOME TO "HANNITY."
A BIG WEEKEND CELEBRATION FOR
THE RADICAL SOCIALIST FAR LEFT
DEMOCRATS IN THIS COUNTRY.
THERE SHE IS.
CONGRESSWOMAN ALEXANDRIA
OCASIO-CORTEZ SUGGESTING THIS
GREAT COUNTRY OF OURS IS
GARBAGE, RONALD REAGAN AND FDR'S
NEW DEAL IS RACIST.
WE HAVE JEFF ZUCKER TRASHING FOX
NEWS AND EVERYONE WHO WORKS
HERE.
I HAVE A SPONGES FO
I HAVE A REONGES FO
I HAVE A RESNGES FO
I HAVE A RESPOES FO
I HAVE A RESPONS FO
I HAVE A RESPONSEFO
I HAVE A RESPONSE FOR HIM
TONIGHT.
ALSO KNOWN LIAR COWARDLY SCHIFF,
HE SENT A DESPERATE PLEA FOR
HELP, BEGGING FOR MONEY, USING
MY NAME.
TRYING TO RAISE MONEY ON MY
NAME.
WE WILL CALL HIM OUT AGAIN
TONIGHT.
WE'LL COVER THIS VERY IMPORTANT
"HANNITY" WATCH ON THE SAD STATE
OF THIS DEMOCRATIC PARTY.
WE START WITH THE SPEAK OF THE
HOUSE, NANCY PELOSI, PELOSI SAID
IMPEACHING PRESIDENT TRUMP IS
JUST NOT WORTH IT BECAUSE THE
PROCESS IS TOO DIVISIVE.
HERE'S MY MESSAGE TONIGHT.
DO NOT EVER BELIEVE A SINGLE
WORD SHE SAYS.
PELOSI NOW PRESIDES OVER WHAT IS
THE MOST RADICAL EXTREME GROUP
OF SOCIALIST DEMOCRATS THAT HAVE
EVER EXISTED.
THAT INCLUDES SOCIALIST MEMBERS
OF CONGRESS THAT WE KNOW WANT TO
GET RID OF OIL AND GAS, THE
LIFEBLOOD OF OUR ECONOMY.
ALL GAS-POWERED CARS, COWS AND
PLANES IN THE NEXT TEN YEARS AND
TELL EVERYBODY IT'S FREE.
EVERYTHING'S FREE WHETHER YOU'RE
WILLING OR UNWILLING TO WORK.
BREAKING TONIGHT, WELL, THE
PERSON THAT'S REALLY LEADING THE
DEMOCRATIC PARTY, OCASIO-CORTEZ,
SHE DOESN'T THINK TRUMP'S
IMPEACHMENT IS OFF THE TABLE.
I BELIEVE HER MORE THAN PELOSI.
PELOSI IS UTTERLY CONTROLLED BY
THESE NEW RADICALS.
SHE KNOWS HER POWER IS IN
JEOPARDY EVERY DAY.
I HAVE A MESSAGE FOR THOSE THAT
THINK, OH, SOCIALISM IS SO COOL,
EVERYTHING'S FREE.
WELL, DEMOCRATIC GENIUS
ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ TOOK A
PLANE.
THE WORLD'S GOING TO END IN 12
YEARS.
SHE OFFERED HER EXPERTISE ON A
VARIETY OF ISSUES AT THE SOUTH
BY SOUTHWEST FESTIVAL, IT'S A
LIBERAL FESTIVAL.
NATURALLY, SHE FOUND TIME TO
BASH CAPITALISM AND AMERICA IN
THE PROCESS.
LET'S TAKE A LOOK.
>> CAPITALISM ISN'T -- TO ME,
IT'S AN IDEOLOGY OF CAPITAL.
IT PUTS CAPITAL, THE MOST
IMPORTANT THING IS THE CO
CONCENTRATION OF CAPITAL AND IT
MEANS THAT WE SEEK AND
PRIORITIZE PROFIT AND THE
ACCUMULATION OF MONEY ABOVE ALL
ELSE AND WE SEEK IT AT ANY HUMAN
AND ENVIRONMENTAL COST.
THAT IS WHAT THAT MEANS.
AND TO ME THAT IDEOLOGY IS NOT
SUSTAINABLE AND CANNOT BE
REDEEMED.
>> Sean: AN IRREDEEMABLE SYSTEM.
AN ECONOMIC SYSTEM THAT
DRASTICALLY IMPROVED THE QUALITY
OF LIFE FOR HUNDREDS AND
HUNDREDS OF MILLIONS OF
AMERICANS OVER TIME.
BILLIONS OF OTHERS TRYING TO
DUPLICATE OUR SYSTEM AROUND THE
WORLD.
BUT OCASIO-CORTEZ, SHE WANTS TO
TRADE IT IN FOR A SOCIALIST
SYSTEM, LIKE VENEZUELA?
NORTH KOREA?
CUBA?
THE FORMER SOVIET UNION?
OCASIO-CORTEZ ALSO WENT ONTO
SUGGEST THAT THE UNITED STATES,
IT'S PRETTY UNBELIEVABLE, WE'RE
BASICALLY A GARBAGE COUNTRY.
TAKE A LOOK.
>> WE'VE STRAYED SO FAR AWAY
FROM WHAT HAS REALLY MADE US
POWERFUL AND JUST AND GOOD AND
EQUITABLE AND PRODUCTIVE.
AND SO I THINK ALL OF THESE
THINGS SOUND RADICAL COMPARED TO
WHERE WE ARE, BUT WHERE WE ARE
IS NOT A GOOD THING.
AND THIS IDEA OF LIKE 10% BETTER
FROM GARBAGE IS -- SHOULDN'T BE
WHAT WE SETTLE FOR.
>> Sean: IN REALITY, THE ONLY
THINGS 10% BETTER THAN GARBAGE
IN THIS COUNTRY ARE SOME OF
THESE RIDICULOUS IDEAS.
AND THE SAD AND SCARY PART IS,
THESE BELIEVES ARE SHARED BY
WHAT, 2020 PRESIDENTIAL
CANDIDATES, OVER A HUNDRED
DEMOCRATS NOW.
LIKE ANY FAR LEFT EXTREMIST THE
LAWMAKERS USE WOULD NOT BE
COMPLETE WITHOUT EVERYONE
THINKING EVERYONE PRETTY MUCH IS
A RACIST.
DURING HER REMARKS, SHE CALLED
FDR'S NEW DEAL RACIST.
EVEN SUGGESTING RONALD REAGAN IS
A RACIST.
TAKE A LOOK.
>> A PERFECT EXAMPLE OF HOW
SPECIAL INTERESTS AND THE
POWERFUL HAVE PITTED WHAT
WORKING CLASS AMERICANS AGAINST
BROWN AND BLACK WORKING CLASS
AMERICANS IN ORDER TO JUST SCREW
OVER ALL WORKING CLASS AMERICANS
IS --
[ APPLAUSE ]
-- IS REAGANISM IN THE '80s WHEN
HE STARTED TALKING ABOUT WELFARE
QUEEN.
BECAUSE THIS ONE SPECIFIC GROUP
OF PEOPLE THAT YOU WERE ALREADY
KIND OF SUBCONSCIOUSLY PRIME TO
RESENT, YOU GIVE THEM A
DIFFERENT REASON THAT'S NOT
EXPLICIT RACISM, BUT STILL
ROOTED IN A RACIST CARICATURE.
>> Sean: THE NEW RADICAL
EXTREMIST CALLING FDR A RACIST,
SUGGESTING THE UNITED STATES IS
BASED ON A GARBAGE SYSTEM, AND
SHE WANTS YOU, THE AMERICAN
PEOPLE, TO HAND OVER THE KEYS TO
YOUR PRIVATE BUSINESSES, YOUR
PRIVATE PROPERTY.
SHE WANTS GOVERNMENT CONTROL OF
THE MEANS OF PRODUCTION.
LITERALLY, SHE WANTS STATE
CONTROL OF ALL HEALTH CARE.
HOW DID OBAMACARE WORK OUT?
AND ALL ENERGY?
NO OIL OR GAS IN TEN YEARS.
GOOD LUCK.
SHE WANTS TO TELL EVERY BUSINESS
HOW TO OPERATE.
OH, BOY.
ACCORDING TO HER, HER GOVERNMENT
KNOWS BEST.
NOT YOU, NOT WE, NOT THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE, NOT THE PEOPLE
WHO RISK REWARD AND CREATE GOODS
AND SERVICES THAT MAKE OUR LIVES
GOOD AND BETTER, THAT PEOPLE
WANT, NEED, AND DESIRE.
SHE AND HER COLLEAGUES KNOW
BETTER.
SHE ACTUALLY HAD A BUSINESS.
WE FOUND OUT TODAY SHE OWES
NEARLY $1,900 IN BACK TAXES OVER
HER SMALL DEFUNCT BUSINESS THAT
SHE FOUNDED IN 2012.
SOCIALISM IS ALL ABOUT DO AS I
SAY, NOT AS I DO.
AND YOU'RE ALWAYS GENEROUS WITH
OTHER PEOPLE'S MONEY.
WE'RE ALL SUPPOSED TO PAY TAXES,
NOT THEM.
SHE'S JUST IN GOVERNMENT TO REAP
THE REWARDS.
MORE ON THIS TONIGHT.
FIRST, I WANT TO TURN OUR FOCUS
TO THE ARM OF THE DEMOCRATIC
PARTY, THAT OF COURSE IS FAKE
NEWS.
ALL OVER THE PLACE.
IN THIS CASE, FAKE NEWS CNN, THE
NETWORK WILL SOON BE FACING A
WHOPPING $250 MILLION LAWSUIT
FOR ITS WILLFUL SMEARS, SLANDER,
BESMIRCHMENT OF A COVINGTON HIGH
SCHOOL STUDENT.
CNN IS GOING TO LOSE A FORTUNE.
THE ATTORNEY WILL CRUSH THEM.
THEIR PUBLIC VILIFICATION OF A
YOUNG 16-YEAR-OLD HIGH SCHOOL
STUDENT WHO DID NOTHING WRONG,
SHOWED INCREDIBLE GRACE UNDER
PRESSURE, WAS NOTHING SHORT OF A
DISGRACE.
HIS LIFE WILL NEVER BE THE SAME.
BUT THEIR RUSH TO JUDGMENT --
WASN'T JUST THE MEDIA.
WENT ON MORE THAN TWO DAYS.
CNN SINGLED OUT SANDMAN.
WHY?
HE WAS WEARING A RED MAKE
AMERICA GREAT AGAIN HAT, THE NEW
TRIGGER FOR THE EXTREME LIST.
RECENTLY CNN PRESIDENT,
PROFESSIONAL TRUMP HATER, ONE
WHO PRESIDES OVERALL OF THOSE
LIES AGAINST THE 16-YEAR-OLD, HE
EMERGED FROM HIS GLASS HOUSE,
HAD THE GALL TO CALL THE FOX
NEWS CHANNEL.
JIM, I HAVE A MESSAGE FOR YOU.
HOW ABOUT A PUBLIC APOLOGY FROM
YOU AND YOUR ON-AIR TALENTED, IF
YOU WANT TO CALL THEM TALENT.
YOUR NETWORKS, YOUR DISGUSTING
RUSH TO JUDGMENT.
LET'S JUST STAY WITH A
16-YEAR-OLD KID AND YOUR
NETWORK'S HATRED OF TRUMP WHICH
CAUSED THIS BECAUSE THAT'S ALL
YOU COVER EVERY SECOND OF EVERY
DAY.
YOU ALSO SAID THE EMPLOYEES WHO
WORK HERE, MY FRIENDS AND
COLLEAGUES, SUPPORT A PLACE THAT
HAS DONE TREMENDOUS DAMAGE TO
THE COUNTRY.
LOOK AT THE DAMAGE YOU DID TO
THAT 16-YEAR-OLD.
WOULD YOU LIKE IT IF IT WAS YOUR
KID?
THAT FROM ZUCKER, THE HEAD OF
THE NEW YORK.
LITERALLY HATES TRUMP SO MUCH
THEY'LL GO AFTER A 16-YEAR-OLD
AND NOT ASK A SINGLE QUESTION
ABOUT WHETHER WHAT THEY HEAR AND
SEE, A SNIP PET IS TRUE.
REMEMBER TRUMP AND THE PRIME
MINISTER FEEDING THE FISH IN THE
POND.
THEY GOT THAT WRONG.
OR CNN FAKE NEWS STORY ABOUT
TRUMP AND WIKILEAKS?
YEAH, WRONG AGAIN.
OR THE FAKE NEWS STORY ABOUT
TRUMP AND RUSSIA THAT FORCED
THREE CNN JOURNALISTS TO RESIGN?
WRONG.
OR THE FAKE NEWS STORY ABOUT
SESSIONS AND RUSSIA THAT THEY
WERE FORCED TO WALK BACK?
WRONG AGAIN.
OR THE FAKE NEWS STORY
PREDICTING THAT COMEY WOULD
REFUTE TRUMP?
NOPE.
AND FAKE NEWS GOES ON AND ON AND
ON.
EVERY DAY, EVERY HOUR,
CONSPIRACY THEORY AFTER
CONSPIRACY THEORY.
ALL DRIVEN BY AN IRRATIONAL RAGE
AND HATE FOR TRUMP.
RECORD LOW UNEMPLOYMENT FOR
AFRICAN-AMERICANS, HISPANIC
AMERICANS, ASIAN AMERICANS,
WOMEN IN THE WORKPLACE.
MILLIONS OUT OF POVERTY OFF OF
FOOD STAMPS.
EVERY SECOND OF EVERY HOUR EVERY
DAY FOR THREE YEARS.
THIS HATRED, IT'S ONLY THE TIP
OF THE ICEBERG.
JOURNALISM IS DEAD.
IT'S IMPOSSIBLE TO WATCH, WHICH
IS PROBABLY WHY SO FEW AMERICANS
ACTUALLY WATCH.
WE HAVE GOT THE VIDEO PROOF.
LET'S GO TO THE VIDEOTAPE.
>> IMPEACHMENT.
>> IMPEACHABLE.
>> THE RUSSIA INVESTIGATION.
>> COLLUDED.
>> STORMY DANIELS.
THE STORMY SAGA.
>> THE STORMY DANIELS AFFAIR.
>> ADULT FILM STARS STORMY
DANIELS.
>> SHE'S A [ BLEEP ].
IS THERE A DIFFERENCE IN THE
PRESIDENT SAID [ BLEEP ].
>> DO YOU THINK THESE COUNTRIES
[ BLEEP ].
>> HAS TURNED THE OVAL
INTO A [ BLEEP ].
>>.
>> Sean: THE REALLY SAD PART OF
WHAT THEY CALL IS NEWS, WE KNOW
IT'S NOT.
MANY PEOPLE SADLY AROUND THE
WORLD -- WE SEE A BIGGER PICTURE
HERE.
THEY SEE AMERICA THROUGH THE
LENS OF CNN INTERNATIONAL AND
THEIR COVERAGE.
PRETTY WIDE-REACHING, AS THEY
WERE THE FIRST SO-CALLED NEWS
NETWORK ON THE MARKET.
THEY'RE GIVING THE WORLD A VERY
DISTORTED, PERVERTED VIEW OF OUR
COUNTRY EVERY SINGLE DAY.
THEY NEVER TALK ABOUT AMERICA'S
GREATNESS, AMERICA'S SUCCESS,
THE PRESIDENT'S SUCCESS.
JUST HATE TRUMP ALL DAY LONG.
THAT'S WHAT THE WORLD SEES
THROUGH THE CNN LENS.
IN ADDITION TO THEIR OBSESSIVE
COVERAGE, WE KNOW THAT FAKE NEWS
CNN ALSO UTILIZES BIAS OF
OMISSION.
AGAIN TO MALIGN THE PRESIDENT.
LOOK AT THIS STUDY FROM NEWS
BUSTERS.
CNN'S WOLF BLITZER, FREQUENTLY
PROMOTED THE DEMOCRAT'S
FRIVOLOUS AND WRONG
INVESTIGATIONS INTO THE
PRESIDENT.
LAST WEEK, BLITZER FOUND TIME TO
ASK 86 UNCRITICAL QUESTIONS
ABOUT THE INVESTIGATION WHILE
ASKING ONLY THREE THAT CHALLENGE
THE NEVER-ENDING INQUIRIES.
IF ZUCKER REALLY WANTS TO SEE
PROPAGANDA, JUST LOOK AT YOUR
OWN NETWORK BECAUSE THAT'S ALL
YOU ARE.
AND WHILE ZUCKER AND HIS FAKE
NEWS MINIONS ARE BUSY HATING ALL
THINGS TRUMP ALL THE TIME, THEY
ALSO CONTINUE TO PROVIDE 24/7
COVER FOR THE COLLUSION
CONSPIRACY THEORIST ADAM SCHIFF.
WE CHANGE GEARS.
ADAM SCHIFF SENT OUT A
FUNDRAISING LETTER THIS WEEKEND.
TEAM ADAM, THEY'RE BEGGING,
THEY'RE PLEADING FOR HELP, ALL
BECAUSE OF THIS SHOW AND THAT WE
DARED TO TELL THE TRUTH AND CALL
OUT HIS CONSTANT LYING AND
LEAKING.
THERE'S ADAM, WE CALL HIM THE
COWARDLY SCHIFF.
BECAUSE HE WON'T COME ON THE
PROGRAM.
HE'S BEGGING SUPPORTERS TO PITCH
IN AT LEAST $5, PLEASE, TO SEND
A MESSAGE TO HANNITY AFTER HE
DEDICATED 40 MINUTES OF HIS SHOW
COVERING THE COWARDLY SCHIFF.
ADD TO THE QUOTE, TRUST US, ADAM
ISN'T ABOUT TO BACK DOWN BECAUSE
OF SEAN HANNITY.
BEST PART OF ALL THIS, COWARDLY
SCHIFF, WE'VE OFFERED HIM THE
FULL HOUR.
CONGRESSMAN, I'LL GIVE YOU THREE
HOURS, TOO, ON MY RADIO SHOW ON
610 OF THE BEST RADIO STATIONS
IN THE COUNTRY.
YOU CLEARLY WATCH THE SHOW.
YOU'RE NOW USING MY SHOW TO BEG
FOR MONEY FROM YOUR ADORING
FANS.
COME ON THE PROGRAM.
I'LL GIVE YOU THE FULL HOUR.
THREE HOURS OF MY RADIO SHOW.
I WILL POINT OUT EVERY SINGLE
LIE, EVERY PIECE OF PROPAGANDA,
MISINFORMATION THAT YOU HAVE
BEEN PEDDLING FOR TWO STRAIGHT
YEARS.
AND GUESS WHAT?
WE HAVE EVERY LIE OF YOURS
CHRONICLED, EVERY TV APPEARANCE
CHRONICLED.
WE WILL EXPOSE YOUR EFFORTS TO
UNDERCUT THIS DEMOCRACY AND
UNDERMINE THE PRESIDENT AND SAY
THINGS THAT ARE JUST FALSE.
LIKE REPORTEDLY SENDING STAFF,
OH, LET'S SEE, WHY DID YOUR
STAFF MEET WITH MICHAEL COHEN
FOR TEN HOURS BEFORE HIS RECENT
TESTIMONY?
THAT'S NOT WITNESS TAMPERING IS
IT?
DOES THAT SOUND A LITTLE BIT
LIKE COLLUSION?
OF COURSE THAT'S NOTHING FOR
SCHIFF BECAUSE HE'S THE ONE GUY
WE HAVE ON TAPE REALLY COLLUDING
WITH THE RUSSIANS SO THAT HE CAN
IMPACT THE ELECTORAL PROCESS IN
THIS COUNTRY.
IT'S AMAZING THIS IS ON TAPE.
WILL SOMEBODY PLEASE SEND THIS
TO ROBERT MUELLER?
MAYBE HE MISSED IT.
TAKE A LOOK.
>> MET WITH TRUMP AND BROUGHT
HIM ONE RUSSIAN GIRL CELEBRITY,
ALSO KNOWN AS A PERSON WITH A
STRANGE REPUTATION.
>> HOW DO YOU SPELL HER NAME?
>> OLGA.
>> WHAT'S THE NATURE OF THE
COMPROMISE?
>> THERE WERE PICTURES OF NAKED
TRUMP.
>> SO PUTIN WAS MADE AWARE OF
THE AVAILABILITY OF THE
COMPROMISING MATERIAL?
>> YES, OF COURSE.
>> THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
WE WILL BE BACK IN TOUCH WITH
YOU THROUGH OUR STAFF TO MAKE
ARRANGEMENTS TO OBTAIN THESE
MATERIALS FOR OUR COMMITTEE AND
FOR THE FBI.
I APPRECIATE YOUR PREACHING OUT
TO US.
>> Sean: NAKED TRUMP PICTURES
AND VLADIMIR PUTIN KNOWS ABOUT
IT?
BY THE WAY, HE GOT SET UP, HE
THOUGHT HE WAS TALKING TO A REAL
RUSSIAN.
THIS LIKE OBAMA DIDN'T KNOW HIS
MIC WAS HOT, TELL VLADIMIR PUTIN
I'LL HAVE A LOT MORE FLEXIBILITY
AFTER THE ELECTION.
WE CAN DO THE DEAL THEN, BUT WE
WON'T TELL THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
YOU CAN SEE THE HATE TRUMP MOB
THAT WANT TO DO ANYTHING,
EVERYTHING TO TRY TO TAKE DOWN
THIS PRESIDENT.
LIKE MAKING MATERIALLY FALSE
STATEMENTS TO A FISA COURT.
WE'RE GETTING ALL THE
CONFIRMATION OF WHAT THE HILL'S
JOHN SOLOMON REPORTED MONTHS AGO
SURROUNDING THE DIRTY STEELE
DOSSIER.
BRUCE ORR WARNED TOP FBI BRASS,
YES, CHRISTOPHER STEELE HATED
THE PRESIDENT, THAT THE DOSSIER
WAS TAINTED WITH AN ANTI-TRUMP
BIAS, THAT WAS IT NEVER
VERIFIED, IT WAS NEVER
CORROBORATED.
YOU GOT TO GIVE STEELE SOME
CREDIT.
HE MANAGED TO GET PAID BY A
RUSSIAN OLIGARCH, THE FBI, AND
THE REST OF THEM.
THIS READS "THE FBI IS UNAWARE
OF DEROGATORY INFORMATION
PERTAINING TO CHRISTOPHER
STEELE."
LIE.
IT GIVES US SOME OF THE MOST
DAMNING EVIDENCE YET.
THE FBI, THE DOJ THEY MADE
MATERIALLY FALSE STATEMENTS TO
THE FISA COURT.
THEY PURPOSELY WITHHELD
INFORMATION.
THEY COMMITTED A CONSPIRACY OF
FRAUD AGAINST AN AMERICAN
CITIZEN SENT DENYING THAT
CITIZEN OF THEIR CONSTITUTIONAL
RIGHTS, ALL TO GET AN
OPPORTUNITY TO SPY ON THE TRUMP
CAMPAIGN THROUGH AN ASSOCIATE.
AT THE HEIGHT OF THE 2016
ELECTION.
THEN THEY LEAKED ALL THE LIES TO
YOU, WE THE PEOPLE, SO THAT IT
WOULD INFLUENCE YOUR VOTE.
RUSSIAN PAID FOR LIES TO
INFLUENCE THE VOTE.
LET NOT YOUR HEART BE TROUBLED.